feat: parenthetical syntax for message sends (`cycles`, `timeout` etc.) (#4608)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/reference/language-manual.md

Otherwise, `r1` is a function value, `<shared-pat>? func <X0 <: V0, …​, n <: Vn> <pat1> { <exp> }` (for some implicit environment), and `r2` is a value `v2`. If `<shared-pat>` is present and of the form `shared <query>? <pat>` then evaluation continues by matching the record value `{caller = p}` against `<pat>`, where `p` is the [`Principal`](../base/Principal.md) invoking the function, typically a user or canister. Matching continues by matching `v1` against `<pat1>`. If pattern matching succeeds with some bindings, then evaluation returns the result of `<exp>` in the environment of the function value not shown extended with those bindings. Otherwise, some pattern match has failed and the call results in `trap`.

> A `<parenthetical>`, when present, changes the modality of the message send (provided that the return type `T` is of form `async T₀`, i.e. a future). Attributes recognised are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `<parenthetical>`, when present, modifies the semantics of the message send (provided that the return type `T` is of form `async U`, i.e. a future). Attributes recognised are
```

Evaluation of `async <block-or-exp>` queues a message to evaluate `<block-or-exp>` in the nearest enclosing or top-level actor. It immediately returns a future of type `async T` that can be used to `await` the result of the pending evaluation of `<exp>`.

> The presence of `<parenthetical>` changes the modality of the self-send to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The presence of `<parenthetical>` modifies the semantics of the async expression to
```

- attach cycles with attribute `cycles : Nat`

> - change to bounded-wait by specifying an attribute `timeout : Nat32`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- impose a timeout applied when await the result by specifying the attribute `timeout : Nat32`.
```
